Manual approval of registration requests (#1175)
corda/corda-docs-portal: content/en/platform/corda/5.0-beta/operating/operating-tutorials/reviewing-manual-approvals.md

---
date: '2023-03-15'
title: "Reviewing Registration Requests"
menu:
  corda-5-beta:
    identifier: corda-5-beta-manual-approval-review
    parent: corda-5-beta-tutorials-operate
    weight: 4050
section_menu: corda-5-beta
---

## Viewing Requests Pending Manual Approval

To view all registration requests, use the [GET method of the
mgm/{holdingidentityshorthash}/approval/registrations endpoint](../../rest-api/C5_OpenAPI.html#tag/MGM-API/operation/get_mgm__holdingidentityshorthash__registrations).

```bash
curl --insecure -u <username>:<password> <REST-API-URL>/mgm/<MGM-HOLDING-ID>/approval/registrations
```

This method returns the rules in the following format:
```JSON
  {
    "memberInfoSubmitted": {
      "data": 
    },
    "reason": "string",
    "registrationId": "string",
    "registrationSent": "2022-06-24T10:15:30Z",
    "registrationStatus": "SENT_TO_MGM",
    "registrationUpdated": "2022-06-24T10:15:30Z"
  }
```

> Requests that are pending manual approval have the status, `PENDING_MANUAL_APPROVAL`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Requests that are pending manual approval have the status `PENDING_MANUAL_APPROVAL`.
```

> To view requests from a specific member, (for example, `C=GB, L=London, O=Alice`) and include historic requests:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view requests from a specific member (for example, `C=GB, L=London, O=Alice`) and include historic requests:
```

```bash
curl --insecure -u <username>:<password> <REST-API-URL>/mgm/<MGM-HOLDING-ID>/approval/registrations?requestsubjectx500name=C%3DGB%2C%20L%3DLondon%2C%20O%3DAlice&viewhistoric=true'
```

## Approving a Request

To approve a rquest, pass the ID of the request to the [POST method of the
mgm/{holdingidentityshorthash}/approve/{requestid} endpoint](../../rest-api/C5_OpenAPI.html#tag/MGM-API/operation/post_mgm__holdingidentityshorthash__approve__requestid_). You can retrieve the ID of a request from the response of the GET endpoint described in [Viewing Requests Pending Manual Approval]({{< relref "#viewing-requests-pending-manual-approval" >}}). 

```bash
curl --insecure -u <username>:<password> -X POST <REST-API-URL>/mgm/<MGM-HOLDING-ID>/approve/<REQUEST-ID>
```
 {{< note >}}
You can only approve requests that are in the `PENDING_MANUAL_APPROVAL` status.
{{< /note >}}

## Declining a Request

> To decline a rquest, pass the ID of the request and a reason to the [POST method of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To decline a request, pass the ID of the request and a reason to the [POST method of the
```

mgm/{holdingidentityshorthash}/decline/{requestid} endpoint](../../rest-api/C5_OpenAPI.html#tag/MGM-API/operation/post_mgm__holdingidentityshorthash__decline__requestid_). You can retrieve the ID of a request from the response of the GET endpoint described in [Viewing Requests Pending Manual Approval]({{< relref "#viewing-requests-pending-manual-approval" >}}). 

```bash
curl --insecure -u <username>:<password> -d <REASON> <API-URL>/mgm/<MGM-HOLDING-ID>/decline/<REQUEST-ID>
```
 {{< note >}}

> You can only decline requests that are in the `PENDING_MANUAL_APPROVAL` status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can only decline requests that have the status `PENDING_MANUAL_APPROVAL`.
```
